(feat): add open ai example to examples (#35)
chalk-ai/examples: 12_model/README.md

    """
    return churn_model.predict(np.array([[age, num_friends, viewed_minutes]]))
```

## 2. OpenAI

> Chalk also makes it easy to integrate third party models, like ChatGPT, into your resolvers. In the

Author: ```suggestion
Chalk also makes it easy to integrate LLMs like ChatGPT, into your resolvers. In the
```

following example, we use Chat-GPT to answer questions about our Users.

Additionally, since our questions are often repeated, we cache the results of the queries,
limiting the number of API requests we need to make.

> The example code below, which can be found in its entirety in the **[2_openai.py](2_openai.py)** file,

Reviewer: nit: why the 2_ prefix?

Author: Jut a convention we have in like the other snippets. It is the second example in the models example folder. Good point though
